(BELL RINGING)
Ah, thank you, Lexie.
(HECTOR HUMMING)
-Anything for me?
-I fear not.
What about that?
It's from the bank, look.
Yes, but it's addressed to me.
See.
Hector N MacDonald, Esquire.
It must be estate business.
I had hoped
the New World Order
might allow a chap
to open
his own correspondence.
(HUMMING)
(DOOR OPENING)
Tell me, boy,
do you count
packing suitcases
as your very favourite hobby?
(GROANING)
Are you in pain?
It's my back.
If I'm gonna stay,
you'll have to do
something about that mattress.
It's like a sack
of King Edwards.
Right. Of course.
So, you're staying on?
No.
Well, yes. Just for a while.
Just to straighten
a few things out, okay?
I think so.
But, Archie, if you're
staying, why are you going?
To talk things
over with Justine
and work out how we're gonna
manage the restaurant
in the meantime.
I feel sorry for Justine
but I'm glad for our sakes.
Well, we're both glad.
Aren't we, Hector?
(GRUNTING)
I still believe
the only long term option
is to sell the place.
Now look here...
We'll get a much better price
if we straighten
out the accounts
and start capitalising
on some of our primary assets.
So what did he say?
That the estate needed
every asset it had,
that they couldn't afford
to give land away.
Maybe later when he'd had
a chance to think about it,
blah, blah, blah.
-No land, no new gymnasium.
-For the time being anyway.
Oh, what a shame.
It's just a piece
of old pasture.
I'm disappointed in the laird.
I wish you wouldn't
call him that.
Sometimes I think
you do it deliberately.
I'm off training.
I'll see you after break.
And has the laird
put his name down
for the hill race?
I don't know and I don't care.
This is one race
I'm going to win
without his permission.
Duncan.
I thought it
was a character in
The Godfather there.
-Hello, Lexie.
-What are you doing?
Your very
hilarious bat impression?
Training for the race.
Watch this.
I can do 50 of these.
Your body's compensating
for the lack of
muscle elsewhere.
And I'm not just
talking about your brain.
What's happening?
Well,
he's stopping and he's going.
Eh?
Well, he's going to London
for a spot of conjugal
with this Justine bint,
and then he's coming back
here to sort things out,
which probably means
giving us all the push.
Well, don't just stand there.
His Gorgeousness
will be wanting a lift.
Oh, aye.
Duncan!
Right.
-Duncan.
-HECTOR: Hang on.
Off to wage war.
Give me a lift to the front,
would you?
(TYRES SCREECHING)
Thank you, men.
(BIRDS CAWING)
Drop it. Drop it!
Turn round slowly.
Hande hoch!
Sorry, Kilwillie,
but for you the war is over.
(HECTOR LAUGHING)
ARCHIE:
See you in a couple of weeks.
-Afternoon.
-Where can I get a taxi?
-Inverness'd be your best bet.
-That's rather inconvenient.
Where are you going?
A place called
Glenbogle House.
That's where I live.
Well, I don't actually
live there, I live in...
Oh, never mind.
Archie MacDonald.
-Any relation of
one Hector MacDonald?
-Yeah, he's my father.
-And you are?
-Fleming. I represent
his bank Lascelles.
Your father's failed
to reply to my letters.
I see.
(TRAIN HORN BLARING)
Well,
maybe we can give you a lift.
KILWILLIE:
Why don't we do Waterloo?
I could be Napoleon.
Or what about Agincourt?
We've never fought Agincourt.
Bows and arrows.
Boring. I want guns, cannon.
-KILWILLIE: Malplaquet?
-Yeah...
-El Alamein?
-No.
Iwo Jima?
An American battle?
Please, Kilwillie. Culloden.
You can be
Bonnie Prince Charlie,
I shall be Butcher Cumberland.
Oh, I'm always
Bonnie Prince Charlie.
That's because you're rather
corpulent and fond
of the sauce.
Come, to battle.
It is a misty, damp morning
on the desolate
moor of Culloden.
Sorry remnants of
the great Jacobite dream
stand facing their nemesis,
the English Army.
Would you care
for something tasty
on an oatcake?
It's a new line of ours.
Kilwillie's
Gentlemen's Relish.
(DOGS BARKING)
ARCHIE: Don't worry,
they're very friendly.
Take no notice of them.
It's just their
way of saying hello.
ARCHIE: Monty, Rommel, down.
No, no, stop it. No!
They're perfectly friendly
once you get to know them.
Anyway, as I was saying,
there's a lot of interesting
history about this house.
My great-great-grandfather
built the place in the 1870s,
but there'd been
a castle here before that.
And Queen Victoria
came to stay once,
but apparently she caught
a cold and had to leave
rather quickly.
My family have been
here for 400 years.
I'm sure the early chiefs
were utter rogues but...
Mr MacDonald, you're obviously
confusing me with somebody who
does give a monkeys.
I'm not a tripper
or a tourist,
or a loud American
in tartan trousers from Omaha.
I am a banker
who drew a very short
straw and travelled
a ridiculous distance
to conduct an even
smaller piece of business.
It seems at the cost
of a very expensive
pair of Boston loafers.
Now can you
please call your father
so we can get it over with?
Maybe we should
go to the library.
Lexie.
Lexie, I know you're there.
Who's your friend?
-What's he in
such a strop for?
-I want tea in the library.
Two people,
nice china, bits to eat.
I presume your
visit's related to
our indebtedness at the bank.
To a defaulted loan and
a breached
overdraft limit, yes.
Mr Fleming,
I'd like to talk to you
about my plans for the future.
You see, I own the estate now.
I have to tell you that
as from Monday your family's
accounts will be suspended,
the bank will then
proceed to call in the loan.
You must find
the funds to repay it,
I presume by selling
whatever assets you possess.
Well,
the estate is all we have.
So be it.
Mr Fleming,
my mother and father
can't leave here.
I don't seem to be
making myself understood.
Let me put it to you in
words of one syllable.
I'm here to close you down.
That is for
the nice gentleman.
If you're hungry,
get yourself some
bread and dripping.
Here we are, tea up.
And you must be our
very important guest.
Mr Fleming, is it?
Well, I've got an uncle
called Fleming.
You're not from Paisley,
are you?
I live in Ealing.
Well, well, West Ealing.
Almost as far as Hanwell.
My, that sounds complicated.
-Yes, thank you very much...
-Well, you look like
a man with a big appetite
so I've brought you
a few things to
get your teeth into.
-Some pancakes and
drop scones and that.
-All freshly baked, I hope.
Well, they were when
they left the factory.
No, all home baked.
Anyway, well, Mr Fleming.
Oh heck, this is no good.
-What's your first name?
-Me?
I'm not cross-eyed, pet.
I am looking into
your deep blue eyes.
(STAMMERING) I
couldn't possibly say.
Oh, man of mystery, eh?
Well,
I'll wheedle it out of you
one way or the other.
Anyway,
I'm away to get one of those
13 spare rooms ready for you.
One of the better ones.
Well, one that's been
slept in in the last century.
But I-I
couldn't possibly stay.
Oh, what happened
to your slip-on?
Oh, your poor wee tassel.
Let me look at it for you.
Come on, trust me.
Oh, dear, oh, dear.
I'll tell you what I'll do,
I'll get
the estate's resident cobbler
to fix it for you, okay?
Now you'll have
to stay, won't you?
Who was that?
Oh, that was Lexie.
She kind of runs the place.
Tea?
Ah. Thanks for the game,
Kilwillie,
I really enjoyed it.
-Not very surprising, you won.
-Of course I did.
Where would we be
if Bonnie Prince Charlie
suddenly started winning
the Battle of Culloden?
Living in a country that
had been independent
for two and a half centuries
probably.
What an appalling thought.
MOLLY: But who is he, Archie?
Someone very powerful, Mother.
Someone who could
turn us all out of here.
What's he doing, Lexie?
Some personal grooming.
Right, here's what
we have to do.
We have to persuade him,
seduce him.
Oh, aye? And who's
gonna do that, then?
Is there something
wrong with your jaw?
ARCHIE: Make him see
that this is
a place with potential.
That we can put it back
on its feet and his bank's
money is safe with us.
What do you want
us to do, then?
Do? Yes, do.
Erm...
Well...
I'll make a presentation.
Yes, he'll like that.
A presentation about how
we're gonna develop the place.
Golly, you and Duncan
show him the estate.
Give him some sport,
make sure he catches
something really big, okay?
But I've got my final
training for the hill race.
Mother,
maybe you could give him
a tour of the house.
Or I wonder if he's
interested in gardening?
I'm desperately in
need of some help.
And you, Lexie,
just be nice to him, okay?
Yes, O Master.
He shall be as
putty in my windows.
Yeah,
and it'll be curtains for him
if he doesn't mind out.
There,
Nancy boy's shoes all done.
But the most important thing,
all of you,
is we must keep him away
from my father.
From now on we must make sure
that he's never on his own,
that he can't be got at
by the old man because that
could be disastrous.
Archie.
Oh, no.
HECTOR: Hey, you!
Yes, you. Take the painter.
The what?
The rope, you dolt.
HECTOR: Hold on, hold on.
Come on, man. Over there.
What's the matter with you?
You can let go now.
-Thanks,
Kilwillie, off you go.
-Bye, old man.
Next time I'll grind you
into the dust at Bull Run.
(LAUGHING)
-One of those Water
Board bods, are you?
-Pardon?
What is it this time?
Measuring acid rain
or some such nonsense?
-You must be Hector MacDonald.
-"Sir" to you.
You chaps have
such a comfy billet
while the likes
of me pay for it.
As far as I can see,
Mr MacDonald,
you pay for very little.
What did you say?
I'll take my foot
to your tradesman's entrance
in a minute.
Father!
I don't work for
the Water Board.
I represent your bank.
I thought it was
going downhill.
Some kind of clerk, are you?
Account executive.
I have written
to you repeatedly
in the last six months
regarding your
very serious position.
-You never replied.
-Of course not.
I have learnt
through bitter experience
that acknowledging
the pettifogging outpourings
of pen-pushing nobodies
is unlikely to increase
the sum of human happiness.
Mine especially!
Mr MacDonald,
you are a very rude man.
And you,
sir, are a very dull one.
-You are also drunk.
-But I shall be
sober in the morning.
Anyway, it's my prerogative.
You are standing on my land.
Not for very much
longer I'm happy to say.
Mr Fleming,
take no notice of my father.
I'm going to my room.
I shall be obliged
if you could have
a cheese sandwich
and a glass of milk
sent up to me later.
Won't you join us for dinner?
I shall inspect
your books and accounts
tomorrow morning.
We can resolve any
outstanding business
shortly after that.
(CHUCKLING) That showed him.
Doesn't do to let these
fellows get the upper hand,
you know, Archie.
Are you okay, Dougal?
I wanted to give you this.
To make you smell nice.
I hope you mean to
make me smell even nicer.
Did you buy this
with your own money?
No,
my mum got it for Christmas
but she doesn't like it.
I love you, Miss.
Look, I'll...
I'll do you a deal.
You can have
the land for that gym thing.
Go on.
Well, the thing is...
What are you doing tonight?
Well, I was gonna worm the dog
but I guess it'll keep.
KATRINA:
I suppose it was
Golly told you
I could cook books
better than a boiled egg?
No comment.
This is going to take hours.
It's very good of you.
As long as you keep
your side of the bargain.
I've given you
the word of a MacDonald.
Very reassuring.
Oh, showing me your
best side, are you?
(STAMMERING) I was just, er...
Is that a pair of M&S slacks
in your hand
or are you just pleased
to see me?
They're wet.
I was trying to turn
the radiator on to dry them.
LEXIE: Ah, yes.
Now the heating doesn't
come on till the first frost,
or the 1st of September,
whichever comes sooner.
Give me,
I'll sort them for you.
I take it you're not dining
with the Addams
family tonight, then?
-Definitely not.
-Shame.
You're missing out
on some rare fun.
Oh, and thank you.
You have shone a bright light
into the dull
drabness of my day.
I have?
There is no sight sweeter,
more pregnant with
pathos and vulnerability,
than a slender-legged gadgie
standing in his wee
Y-fronts and socks.
Night-night.
Archie, you know,
these are just total rubbish.
Oh, be fair, they're
probably not as good as that.
-I'm doing my best, okay?
-I'm grateful.
You trained for this
sort of thing originally?
When I first left university,
I went to work for
a bank in Edinburgh.
Small business advisor.
I had some great clients.
A man who gelded horses,
two brothers who
made Italian ice cream,
and a very refined
lady from Morningside
who ran
a personal therapy centre.
-Oh, yeah?
-She offered me a job.
Is that right?
As her business manager,
smarty-pants.
And you didn't take it?
Those girls'd be
earning twice as much as me.
I'd have found
that very irritating,
not to say tempting.
So you became a teacher
and came back here.
What on earth made
you do that?
I just felt maybe I
could make a difference.
Simple as that.
Miss Jean Brodie.
You're in your prime.
Don't patronise me,
Archie MacDonald.
I'm not, I envy you.
You seem so certain, so sure.
Do I?
I don't know what
the hell I'm doing.
So, you're going to
make a presentation
to this guy, are you?
-You toe rag!
-What?
-Increase rents on
land and properties?
-It's just an idea.
A way we might
increase our revenue.
So far as I can see,
rents haven't
gone up in years.
For a very good reason.
People couldn't
afford to pay them.
It's just for this man
Fleming, nothing definite.
You would say that, though,
wouldn't you?
Until you got what
you wanted from me.
What am I doing here? I'm off.
What, leave me in the lurch,
would you?
Oh, you'll survive.
Your sort always do.
My sort? Katrina...
Once a landlord,
always a landlord.
You spent too much time
with that personal therapist.
Gave you a wrong
slant on human nature.
And you can kiss goodbye
to that bit of land, too.
It's not an original.
That's in the National
Gallery in Edinburgh now.
Hector had a copy made
when he flogged the other one.
It paid for
the central heating.
Sometimes I think
I'd rather be cold.
She's very beautiful.
Ancestor. Died in
childbirth when she was 27.
Nightshirt okay
for you, is it?
My, Lady Catherine's made
quite an impression
on you, hasn't she?
She reminds me of my mother.
Better get off to bed.
Long day.
I'll say good night, then.
Oh, it's two short pulls
and one long one, by the way.
The lavvy.
So that's it. I can't
leave while he's here.
But I'll be down soon.
You're not saying very much.
What's there to say?
I mean,
you're taking it very calmly.
What do you want me
to do, get hysterical?
I wish you'd say something.
Justine?
Maybe we should think about
hiring a temporary manager?
No.
Just to tide things over.
Archie, I have to cope
while you're off doing
your Mel Gibson thing.
I'd rather I didn't but,
hey, it's a tough world.
And I'll manage in my own way,
thank you very much,
without the benefit
of your distant and
rather fatuous advice.
Maybe we should
talk about this later.
Yes, later.
And then some more.
-Okay.
Men.
Sometimes you have to wipe
their bottoms, sometimes you
have to kick them.
(WOMEN CHUCKLING)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Good morning.
I hope you slept well.
I heard animals in the night.
Grunting, howling.
Probably just my father.
(STAMMERING) I
brought the books.
Perhaps later you'd like
to look around the estate,
maybe try some sport.
These will take all day.
Anyway, I have
the beginnings of a cold.
Well, if there's anything
you need, please shout.
Look, I'm in business myself
and I know that the accounts
aren't all they should be.
I'm grieved to hear it.
Well?
Eight seconds down on Monday.
Are you all right?
I didn't sleep
too well last night.
Big race nerves.
You are carrying the hopes
and dreams of our gender.
The first time ever that
women have entered
the Glenbogle Hill Race.
Another nail in
the coffin of patriarchy.
Me and my big mouth.
But I have complete
faith in you, Katrina.
You go and win it, dear.
Win it for all the sisters.
Yes!
(SIGHS)
Where is the wretched thing?
(FLEMING LAUGHING)
-Everything all right?
-Oh, yes, fine.
(STIFLED LAUGHTER)
(FLEMING LAUGHING)
The main course
will be very simple.
Salmon,
fresh out of the river,
and new potatoes
from Golly's garden,
in a plain white sauce.
Is it disaster proof?
-What's that supposed to mean?
-I mean it,
Lexie, no funny business.
Our future is in
this man's hands.
Yoo-hoo.
Would the fair
lady of the kitchen
allow me to enter her domain?
Come away in.
You can enter my
domain any time you like.
Just returning the tea things.
I have to say, Lexie,
when it comes to scones,
you are an artist.
Thanks.
-You'll be
staying to dinner, then?
-How can I refuse?
-I was wondering
about my trousers.
-Oh, yes.
Cleaned and pressed.
Thank you.
The crease, a thing of beauty.
Oh, why thank you, kind sir.
It's nice to be appreciated.
-Have you told him, Mother?
-Yes.
-And he knows what's expected?
-Of course.
Will he behave himself?
Look, I found it.
Okay, okay.
Ah, good evening.
I hope you're hungry.
This is delicious. What is it?
Nettle and raspberry soup
with a sprinkling
of Orkney cheese.
Oh. Will I get stung?
You said it, pal.
LEXIE: I'd quite like some
of the pattern left on that
if you don't mind.
Enjoy that, did you, Hector?
-It smells of wet dog.
-And I love you, too.
Isn't she wonderful?
Feisty, witty, a brilliant
cook, but tasty herself.
Anyway, you were
saying about the books.
The books? The books, yes.
Yes, well, they're very good.
They convey
a very accurate picture
of the enterprise.
-Yes,
I was rather afraid of that.
-Which is,
if the Glenbogle estate
were a wet dog,
to take your analogy,
Mr MacDonald,
the most humane
course of action
would be to rub it down
with an old towel
and shoot the mutt.
-How's it going?
-All right.
These are for
Molly and Hector.
You get the others.
Which one's his?
The gowk in the suit.
Oh, that one there.
The biggest portion.
Right, I'll give you tasty.
Pinstriped prat.
ARCHIE: Look,
I can't disagree with you.
I run my own business...
Did I mention that?
And I know that this estate
hasn't been run on
very professional lines.
That's all right,
chaps, don't mind me.
Just pretend I don't exist.
But the thing is, I believe
there is something here
worth fighting for.
Salmon.
Caught this morning
from the River Bogle.
-Lightly poached with
a plain white sauce.
-Lovely.
Sorry, you were saying.
I... We have great plans
for developing Glenbogle.
For giving it life,
making it prosper.
But how could you
possibly generate the income?
We have all sorts of ideas.
Luxury foodstuffs for one.
Height of vulgarity.
A corporate retreat.
Senior managers brainstorming
business strategy
in the unique environment
of this fantastic old house.
And what about
the aged residents
of this fantastic old house?
-Hector.
-Your father obviously
doesn't share your vision.
I run Glenbogle,
Mr Fleming, not my father.
Well, I'm sorry,
it's not gonna happen.
At least not with
my bank's money.
This looks delicious.
Turn it into some wretched B&B
and the place'll be
full of little oiks
like this fella, dropping
his H's all over the shop.
(COUGHING)
Mr Fleming?
What's the matter?
I've been poisoned.
Up.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
(FLEMING RETCHING)
Oh, mine tastes fine.
Girl's pulled one
out of the bag at last.
No more.
Unless you can give me
a cheque for £100,000
as a clear indication
of your ability
and willingness to clear
the estate's indebtedness,
the bank will take steps
to protect its position.
Can you write
me such a cheque?
Of course not.
Very well.
So be it.
Excuse me.
Right.
Yes, my man!
Get in! Get right in!
What's up with you?
Medication wearing off?
Jokes are one thing.
I can take as many
as you throw down.
But sabotage is another.
This is probably meaningless,
but what the hell.
You're sacked.
Archie.
Right,
start talking, slab heid.
I did it for you.
Honest. To show I cared.
(DUNCAN YELLING)
Now does everyone
know what to do?
Right, let's go.
And, guys,
be careful out there, okay?
I've always
wanted to say that.
Molly. Molly.
What are we gonna do
about the money?
Ah, well,
I have a cunning plan.
Hey, big boy. Wakey wakey.
-Lexie.
-You feeling better?
Now, you're going to
eat the nice breakfast
that I prepared for you.
Then you and I
are going to go off
on a little jaunt together.
-But I have to get back to...
-Oh, really?
Life that exciting in Hanwell,
or Ealing even?
Lexie doesn't offer herself
to any old Tom,
Dick or Archie, you know.
Right. I'll meet
you by the bike sheds
in 10 minutes, Fleming.
Or should I call
you Flem for short?
My man. My braw wee man.
Are you ready for adventure?
Jump on.
We'll head for the hills.
This is Golly, by the way.
The best hunter this
side of the Rockies.
Nice to meet you, Golly.
(FLEMING EXCLAIMS)
Is that Honest Bob McDougal?
Now then, my man,
I gather you've got
a book open
on the Glenbogle Hill Race.
Good, 'cause I'd like
to make a very large bet.
5,000.
Yes, that's right, 5,000.
-Have you seen our
executioner this morning?
-You missed him, he's gone.
Where in heaven's name
is Lexie?
She's gone, too.
Archie sacked her.
-You'll have to make
your own breakfast, darling.
-What?
-Archie,
you're going to be late.
-Late for what?
The hill race, silly.
Oh, yes, let's all go on
a fun run. Most timely.
We're all washed up
here but what the heck.
I suppose you want me to wear
a silly costume. What is it,
the back end of a horse?
Clown outfit might
be appropriate.
But you used
to love athletics at school.
Only when I was
trying to run away.
Katrina said
you'd chicken out.
She used to run for
the Scottish Universities,
you know.
Please.
Put on your shorts and run.
Just do this
for your silly old mum, hmm?
I've got the bread.
Now all we need is
some means of toasting it.
Are you sure these'll be okay?
Listen, Dunc,
I've come across a few
intellectually challenged
creatures in my time,
but these trout
are truly cretinous.
(LEXIE WHOOPING)
I've never been
fishing before.
Neither have I.
Least not in a river.
Careful, man,
you'll frighten the fish.
Come on.
Off you go. Good boy.
-Ah. Good luck, my boy.
-Thank you.
-I want you to wear this.
-What is it?
MacDonald of
Glenbogle's tam o'shanter.
The fifth laird
wore it at Culloden
when he escaped the clutches
of the Redcoats.
The very event we're
commemorating today.
ARCHIE: It's filthy.
HECTOR: It's history.
If this is the last time
a MacDonald runs
in the hill race,
it must be worn.
To complete the ancient
and venerated circle.
-Exactly, Kilwillie.
-All right.
Good boy.
It's okay. You can play
with him till he's silly.
He's loving it.
Oh, my goodness!
I'm touching him.
Slowly, slowly, slowly.
FLEMING: I'm tickling him!
I'm tickling a bloody trout.
Go on, you can do it.
Net, Lexie.
(LEXIE YELPING)
(ALL LAUGHING)
Right, that's that, then.
I've got things to do.
Oh, my man. My hunter.
I caught a fish
with my bare hands.
Oh, Lexie, I don't know.
I felt special.
You are special, wee man.
Oh, Lexie, I'm having
such a wonderful day.
That's 'cause you're pished.
You'll soon get used to it.
WOMAN: What have I
let myself in for?
(LAUGHING)
Duncan?
Oh, my sponsors insisted.
-Who's that, then?
-Wallace's Garage.
Look, listen, boss,
about the other night.
It wasn't really
Lexie's fault.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please move to
the starting line.
This is the last call.
Ladies and gentlemen,
would all competitors
please take their places
at the start?
Very nice.
You look like an extra
from Chariots of Fire.
-I'll soon burn you off,
just you watch.
-Dream on, pal.
-A word, son.
-Not now.
GOLLY: Now.
...would all competitors
please take their
places at the start?
Your ma has put a bet
on the race. Big money.
-What, on me?
-On Katrina.
Right? So you just
make sure she wins.
Okay?
You want me to throw the race?
Well,
I won't, I've had enough. No.
-This is where Archie...
-Are you ready?
...makes his last stand,
even if it turns out
to be Little Big Horn.
Away they go.
Come on, Duncan. Come on.
-There he is.
-Archie, come on.
-Come on, my boy.
Run hard, run true.
-Come on.
ARCHIE: Can't cope, eh?
KATRINA: Just pacing myself.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Oh, Lexie, this
the specialist day of my life.
I don't want
to work in a bank.
I want to live here
in a wee cottage and...
You can have my children.
And I could be a lumberjack
and breathe in the fresh air
and chop logs, with a chopper.
-Oh, Flem, you're a crazy guy.
-I am. I'm crazy for you.
There isn't anybody
like you in Ealing.
Oh, Lexie, you're
the most wonderful girl
I've ever met.
Apart from my
own darling mother.
May I kiss you?
I should like to very much.
Okay.
But no tongues, mind.
Duncan?
I'm gonna kill you.
Come on then,
jock, I'll fight you for her.
Touch her again and
you'll get a double dose.
Duncan Disorderly, I'm
not going to tell you again.
-Help!
-I warned you about that.
I mean it.
LEXIE: I've told you before.
If you do it again...
(FLEMING GASPING)
Flem? Archie.
Help me. Oh, I'm going down.
Oh, dear, what a shame.
Help me, please.
I'm going to die.
Sorry, I'm in a race just now.
Archie,
please, please, I'm drowning.
Here, grab my hand. That's it.
-FLEMING: Thank you.
-I could use this, you know.
A less scrupulous man would.
You know what I mean?
Archie.
Come on, you can win this.
I told you I'd catch you.
-Who is it?
-HECTOR: Come on, boy.
Katrina!
KATRINA:
Suffering there, are you?
ARCHIE:
Just doing what I'm told.
I'll tell you what,
I'll let you win if you
give me that bit of land.
ARCHIE: I'll beat you.
I'm faster than you.
Sassenachs beaten again.
-I'm as Scottish as you are.
-Ha! You Scottish?
Katrina!
-Katrina, are you all right?
-I'm fine.
-Come on.
-Go on, you can still win.
MAN: That's it.
Jolly sporting of the boy.
His ancestors would
have been proud of him.
Yes, it was a good show.
ANNOUNCER: The winner of
this year's
Glenbogle Hill Race.
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
Welcome to Planet Glenbogle.
Nice one, Duncan.
Shame about the costume.
Well done.
And the winner
of the women's race,
and equal second,
Katrina Finlay.
Well done.
Oh, and by the way, Katrina,
you can have that
land for the school.
(ALL CHEERING)
Thank you very much, Archie.
And we weren't
equal second by the way.
I crossed the line first.
It's a mere technicality.
Well done, Arch.
Now listen,
Lexie, can I just say sorry?
I don't really want you to go.
Oh, I'm not going anywhere,
boy.
Now hush your mouth
and give us a kiss.
Give him a kiss, girls.
Go on. Lovely.
And again.
Thank you.
Justine.
Well, you've kissed virtually
every woman in Scotland.
Aren't you going
to give me one?
-You could've stayed,
you know.
-Stayed?
I've been insulted.
And poisoned.
Assaulted by a mad Pict
and chased into a river.
I've ruined a good suit.
I nearly died.
I'm sorry.
I've had the time
of my life, Archie.
The bank will give
you another six months.
We'll extend
the overdraft by another 75K.
-Make the most of it.
-Thank you very much.
Tell Lexie it's Lancelot.
-Hmm?
-My name.
Right.
We need to talk. Now.